Update examples in waveballot.md and waveactivecountbits.md (#2077)
MicrosoftDocs/win32: desktop-src/direct3dhlsl/waveactivecountbits.md

> This can be implemented more efficiently than a full WaveActiveSum, as described in the following example:

Reviewer: Maybe this line should be clarified that this is meant to demonstrate what this operation does:
```suggestion
This can be implemented more efficiently than a full WaveActiveSum, in a way similar to this equivalent code:
```

Author: Tried another way to put this, hopefully this is clearer?

``` syntax

> result = countbits( WaveActiveBallot( bBit ) );

Reviewer: This is an improvement, but still not quite correct HLSL.  It needs to be more like this:
```suggestion
uint4 counts = countbits( WaveActiveBallot( bBit ) );
result = counts.x + counts.y + counts.z + counts.w;
```
This is because `WaveActiveBallow` returns a uint4 in order to have one bit for every potential lane in the widest possible lane width of 128.

Author: Thanks!  Updated.
